Route population age handling through age-group labels (#344)
epiforecasts/socialmixr: vignettes/intro.qmd

Obtaining symmetric contact matrices, splitting out their components (see below) and population-based participant weights require information about the underlying demographic composition of the survey population.

> The post-processing functions (`symmetrise()`, `split_matrix()`, `per_capita()`) need population data. In practice you supply a population table with an `age` column of age-group labels (relabel raw `lower.age.limit` bands with `limits_to_agegroups()`), a `population` column, and a column per other grouping, then align it to a computed matrix with `align_ages()`. `align_ages()` aggregates each grouping to the matrix's levels (interpolating the age grouping where needed) and returns the `data.frame` the post-processing functions expect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The post-processing functions (`symmetrise()`, `split_matrix()`, `per_capita()`) need population data. In practice you supply a population table with an `age` column of age-group labels, a `population` column, and a column per other grouping, then align it to a computed matrix with `align_ages()`. `align_ages()` aggregates each grouping to the matrix's levels (interpolating the age grouping where needed) and returns the `data.frame` the post-processing functions expect.
```

demo_matrix |> symmetrise(survey_pop = align_ages(custom_pop, demo_matrix))
```

> For recent UN World Population Prospects data, the `wpp2024` package is available from GitHub (`remotes::install_github("PPgp/wpp2024")`). Relabel its 1-year bands to age groups with `limits_to_agegroups()` and `align_ages()` coarsens them to the matrix's age groups:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For recent UN World Population Prospects data, the `wpp2024` package is available from GitHub (`remotes::install_github("PPgp/wpp2024")`). Relabel its 1-year bands to age groups with `limits_to_agegroups()` and then coarsen them to the matrix's age groups using `align_ages()`:
```
